Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: ghettorecorder
Version: 0.6.9
Summary: Records radio to single files. Can search title. Run: (win 'pip'/tux 'pip3, py..3') 'pip install ghettorecorder' then 'pip show ghettorecorder' to find install Location: site-packages/ghettorecorder then 'python - m ghettorecorder.run' or 'python - m ghettorecorder.win' shows a Window, sudo apt-get install python3-tk
Home-page: https://github.com/pypa/sampleproject
Author: René Horn
Author-email: rene_horn@gmx.net
License: MIT
Description: # ghettorecorder Package
        import json import configparser import requests
        
        	
        	Runs on Python 3.5:  R E A D --> (Windows 'pip'/Linux 'pip3, python3') 
        	'pip install ghettorecorder' - with a normal user account
        		then 
        	'pip show ghettorecorder' to find the install Location: site-packages/ghettorecorder / 
        	
        	-> 'python - m ghettorecorder.run' will run the recorder from anywhere.
        	GhettoRecorder is uninstalled by 'pip uninstall gettorecorder'. Recorded mp3 files not.
        	
        	The 'run.py' is the script, 'settings.ini' has your radio stations and urls.
        	Copy 'run.py' and 'settings.ini' files wherever you want to have your record repository.
        	"Records internet radio in files. Mostly 'Artist - title.mp3' style.
        	
        	'python - m ghettorecorder.win' (with latest python3) is a window; should run on any OS.
        	
        Windows
        	"python -m ghettorecorder.run" 
        		'pip show ghettorecorder' 
        			for install location: site-packages/ghettorecorder
        				and recorded files
        					'python - m ghettorecorder.run' for a terminal session
        					'python - m ghettorecorder.win' for a windowed session with timer and search
        Linux
        	"python3 -m gettorecorder.run" ('python' IS version 2 and will NOT start)
        		'pip3 show ghettorecorder' 
        			for install location: site-packages/ghettorecorder
        					and recorded files
        						'python3 - m ghettorecorder.run' for a terminal session
        					    'sudo apt-get install python3-tk' installation to show the window
        						'python - m ghettorecorder.win' for a windowed session with timer and search
        	
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Topic :: Multimedia :: Sound/Audio :: Capture/Recording
Requires-Python: >=3.5
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
